bgpv1: Add BGP peer password (#23759)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/network/bgp-control-plane.rst

   the session reestablishes and peers exchange their routes. To prevent packet loss,
   it is recommended to configure BGP graceful restart.

MD5 passwords
'''''''''''''

> By configuring ``authSecret`` for a neighbor you can configure that a
> `RFC-2385`_ MD5 password should be configured on the session with this BGP
> peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable creation of a `RFC-2385`_ MD5 password on the session with this BGP
peer, configure ``authSecret``.
```

``authSecret`` should reference the name of a secret in the BGP secrets
namespace (if using the Helm chart this is ``cilium-bgp-secrets`` by default).

> The secret should contain a key with a name of ``password``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret should contain a ``password`` key.
```

> An example of creating a secret is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a secret with the following command:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

>   # kubectl create secret generic -n cilium-bgp-secrets --type=string secretName --from-literal=password=my-secret-password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # kubectl create secret generic -n cilium-bgp-secrets --type=string my-auth-secret --from-literal=password=my-secret-password
```

Because TCP MD5 passwords sign the header of the packet they cannot be used if

> the session will be address translated by Cilium (i.e. the Cilium Agent's pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the session will be translated by Cilium (in other words, the Cilium Agent's pod
```

IP address must be the address the BGP peer sees).

> If the password is incorrect, or the header is otherwise changed the TCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the password is incorrect, or the header is otherwise changed, the TCP
```
